Update the component doc template (#1073)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/component/_index.md

## Configuration

> For configuration information, click on your COMPONENT's model:

Reviewer: I like this but I also think that `supported models include` is worthwhile, do you have any ideas for an in-between/combo that wouldn't make it look extra wordy? I don't really 😆 other than that LGTM

Author: Yeah I agree. Hmm. Maybe this?
```suggestion
Find configuration information for each supported model at the links below:
```

Reviewer 2: How about: 
```suggestion
The COMPONENT component supports the following models. Click on the component model name for detailed configuration information. 
```

Author: ```suggestion
The COMPONENT component supports the following models.
Click on the component model name for detailed configuration information.
```
I like that! Just adding a newline and removing a trailing space. Do we throw a colon on the end or no?

Reviewer 2: Either works so go for whichever you prefer :)

Model | Supported hardware
----- | ------------------
[`model1`](model1/) | An XYZ unit made by Some Company(INSERT LINK AS APPLICABLE)
[`model2`](model2/) | An ABCDE unit made by Some Other Company(INSERT LINK AS APPLICABLE)

If you want to use another COMPONENT model with Viam, you can [define a custom component](../../program/extend/).

## API

The COMPONENT component supports the following methods:

> *Use the method names in the protobuf, not the Python or Go-specific method names.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Writing Instructions: Use the method names in the protobuf, not the Python or Go-specific method names.*
```
Just to be clear haha
